docs/installing.md, before:

Reactotron comes in two versions.  A desktop version (available on macOS, Linux, and Windows) or a CLI (available only on macOS).

# Installing the Application

### Via Direct Download

[Download macOS App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron.app.zip) from GitHub release and drop the Reactotron.app to the Applications folder.

[Download 32 bit Linux App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-linux-ia32.zip) or [64 bit Linux App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-linux-x64.zip).

[Download 32 bit Windows App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-win32-ia32.zip) or [64 bit Windows App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-win32-x64.zip)

### Via Homebrew

Reactotron is also available via [Homebrew Cask](https://caskroom.github.io/) package manager. To ensure you get the latest version, update Homebrew first:

```sh
brew update
```

Then simply type:

```
brew cask install reactotron
```

To update an existing installation of reactotron via brew, type:

```
brew cask reinstall reactotron
```

# Install the CLI

If you like to kick it old-school and use the terminal, Reactotron is available via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/).

To install globally:

```sh
npm install -g reactotron-cli
```

In order to pickup updates going forward, you can type the same command again.

Commit message:

:pencil: Point DL to alpha for people like me

docs/installing.md, after:

Reactotron comes in two versions.  A desktop version (available on macOS, Linux, and Windows) or a CLI (available only on macOS).

# Installing the Application

> :warning: If you are working with master for demo/setup - be sure to [download 2.0.0.alpha from the GitHub releases section](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases)

### Via Direct Download

[Download macOS App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron.app.zip) from GitHub release and drop the Reactotron.app to the Applications folder.

[Download 32 bit Linux App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-linux-ia32.zip) or [64 bit Linux App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-linux-x64.zip).

[Download 32 bit Windows App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-win32-ia32.zip) or [64 bit Windows App](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/releases/download/v1.15.0/Reactotron-win32-x64.zip)

### Via Homebrew

Reactotron is also available via [Homebrew Cask](https://caskroom.github.io/) package manager. To ensure you get the latest version, update Homebrew first:

```sh
brew update
```

Then simply type:

```
brew cask install reactotron
```

To update an existing installation of reactotron via brew, type:

```
brew cask reinstall reactotron
```

# Install the CLI

If you like to kick it old-school and use the terminal, Reactotron is available via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/).

To install globally:

```sh
npm install -g reactotron-cli
```

In order to pickup updates going forward, you can type the same command again.
