docs/quick-start-react-native.md, before:

# Quick Start for React Native

## Installing Reactotron.app

Let’s [download the desktop app](./installing.md) to start.  You can download for Linux, Windows, and Mac.

Unzip & run.

![Installing The App](./images/quick-start-react-js/installing.jpg)

## Configure Reactotron with your project

Let's install Reactotron on your project as a dev dependency. Don't have a React Native project yet? [Follow the Getting Started guide in the React Native documentation](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html).

```
npm i --save-dev reactotron-react-native
```

I like a separate file for initializing.  Create `ReactotronConfig.js` in your editor of choice and paste this:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'

Reactotron
  .configure() // controls connection & communication settings
  .useReactNative() // add all built-in react native plugins
  .connect() // let's connect!
```

Or using a more advanced way to customize which plugins to include:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'

Reactotron
  .configure({
    name: "React Native Demo"
  })
  .useReactNative({
    asyncStorage: false, // there are more options to the async storage.
    networking: { // optionally, you can turn it off with false.
      ignoreUrls: /symbolicate/
    },
    editor: false, // there are more options to editor
    errors: { veto: (stackFrame) => false }, // or turn it off with false
    overlay: false, // just turning off overlay
  })
  .connect();
```

Alternatively, you can create your own plugin and provide it via:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'

const middleware = (tron) => { /* plugin definition */ };

Reactotron
  .configure({
    name: "React Native Demo"
  })
  .useReactNative() // add all built-in react native plugins
  .use(middleware) // plus some custom made plugin.
  .connect();
```

Finally, we import this on startup in
- `App.js` (Create React Native App) or
- `index.js`
on line 1:

```js
if(__DEV__) {
  import('./ReactotronConfig').then(() => console.log('Reactotron Configured'))
}
```

At this point, Reactotron is hooked up.

Refresh your app (or start it up `react-native start`) and have a look at Reactotron now.  Do you see the `CONNECTION` line?  Click that to expand.

![We Have Contact](./images/quick-start-react-native/first-connect.jpg)


Go back to your app and refresh it 5 or 6 times.  Now look.

![Chatty](./images/quick-start-react-native/spammy.jpg)

Pretty underwhelming huh?


## Hello World

Let's do some classic programming.

Open up
- `App.js` (Create React Native App) or
- `index.js`

Right after the line you just added in the previous step lets put this:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'
```

Next, inside the `render()` function, put this as the first line:

```js
Reactotron.log('hello rendering world')
```

Save that file and refresh your app if you don't have live reloading.

Now Reactotron looks like this:

![Hello 1](./images/quick-start-react-native/hello-1.jpg)

While collapsed, the grey area to the right shows a preview.  Click to open.

![Hello 2](./images/quick-start-react-native/hello-2.jpg)

Let's change our log statement to:

```js
Reactotron.log({ numbers: [1, 2, 3], boolean: false, nested: { here: 'we go' } })
```

Or this

```js
Reactotron.warn('*glares*')
```

Or this

```js
Reactotron.error('Now you\'ve done it.')
```

Or this

```js
Reactotron.display({
  name: 'KNOCK KNOCK',
  preview: 'Who\'s there?',
  value: 'Orange.'
})

Reactotron.display({
  name: 'ORANGE',
  preview: 'Who?',
  value: 'Orange you glad you don\'t know me in real life?',
  important: true
})
```

## Monitor your Redux store state changes

Hooking up to redux requires some [additional set up](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/blob/master/docs/plugin-redux.md).

## Now What?

Well, at this point, we have a complicated version of `console.log`.

Where Reactotron starts to shine is when you start plugging into [Redux](./plugin-redux.md), tracking global errors, and watching network requests.

Check out our [Demo](../examples/demo-react-native) for more goodies.

![Demo Native App](./images/quick-start-react-native/react-demo-native.jpg)

![Demo Reactotron](./images/quick-start-react-native/react-demo-native-reactotron.jpg)

Commit message:

chore(docs): Update React Native Quick Start Guide
Add instructions to use adb reverse with Android devices

docs/quick-start-react-native.md, after:

# Quick Start for React Native

## Installing Reactotron.app

Let’s [download the desktop app](./installing.md) to start.  You can download for Linux, Windows, and Mac.

Unzip & run.

![Installing The App](./images/quick-start-react-js/installing.jpg)

## Configure Reactotron with your project

Let's install Reactotron on your project as a dev dependency. Don't have a React Native project yet? [Follow the Getting Started guide in the React Native documentation](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html).

```
npm i --save-dev reactotron-react-native
```

I like a separate file for initializing.  Create `ReactotronConfig.js` in your editor of choice and paste this:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'

Reactotron
  .configure() // controls connection & communication settings
  .useReactNative() // add all built-in react native plugins
  .connect() // let's connect!
```

Or using a more advanced way to customize which plugins to include:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'

Reactotron
  .configure({
    name: "React Native Demo"
  })
  .useReactNative({
    asyncStorage: false, // there are more options to the async storage.
    networking: { // optionally, you can turn it off with false.
      ignoreUrls: /symbolicate/
    },
    editor: false, // there are more options to editor
    errors: { veto: (stackFrame) => false }, // or turn it off with false
    overlay: false, // just turning off overlay
  })
  .connect();
```

Alternatively, you can create your own plugin and provide it via:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'

const middleware = (tron) => { /* plugin definition */ };

Reactotron
  .configure({
    name: "React Native Demo"
  })
  .useReactNative() // add all built-in react native plugins
  .use(middleware) // plus some custom made plugin.
  .connect();
```

Finally, we import this on startup in
- `App.js` (Create React Native App) or
- `index.js`
on line 1:

```js
if(__DEV__) {
  import('./ReactotronConfig').then(() => console.log('Reactotron Configured'))
}
```

At this point, Reactotron is hooked up.

**Note**: If using an Android device or emulator run the following command to make sure it can connect to Reactotron:
```
adb reverse tcp:9090 tcp:9090
```

Refresh your app (or start it up `react-native start`) and have a look at Reactotron now.  Do you see the `CONNECTION` line?  Click that to expand.

![We Have Contact](./images/quick-start-react-native/first-connect.jpg)


Go back to your app and refresh it 5 or 6 times.  Now look.

![Chatty](./images/quick-start-react-native/spammy.jpg)

Pretty underwhelming huh?


## Hello World

Let's do some classic programming.

Open up
- `App.js` (Create React Native App) or
- `index.js`

Right after the line you just added in the previous step lets put this:

```js
import Reactotron from 'reactotron-react-native'
```

Next, inside the `render()` function, put this as the first line:

```js
Reactotron.log('hello rendering world')
```

Save that file and refresh your app if you don't have live reloading.

Now Reactotron looks like this:

![Hello 1](./images/quick-start-react-native/hello-1.jpg)

While collapsed, the grey area to the right shows a preview.  Click to open.

![Hello 2](./images/quick-start-react-native/hello-2.jpg)

Let's change our log statement to:

```js
Reactotron.log({ numbers: [1, 2, 3], boolean: false, nested: { here: 'we go' } })
```

Or this

```js
Reactotron.warn('*glares*')
```

Or this

```js
Reactotron.error('Now you\'ve done it.')
```

Or this

```js
Reactotron.display({
  name: 'KNOCK KNOCK',
  preview: 'Who\'s there?',
  value: 'Orange.'
})

Reactotron.display({
  name: 'ORANGE',
  preview: 'Who?',
  value: 'Orange you glad you don\'t know me in real life?',
  important: true
})
```

## Monitor your Redux store state changes

Hooking up to redux requires some [additional set up](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/blob/master/docs/plugin-redux.md).

## Now What?

Well, at this point, we have a complicated version of `console.log`.

Where Reactotron starts to shine is when you start plugging into [Redux](./plugin-redux.md), tracking global errors, and watching network requests.

Check out our [Demo](../examples/demo-react-native) for more goodies.

![Demo Native App](./images/quick-start-react-native/react-demo-native.jpg)

![Demo Reactotron](./images/quick-start-react-native/react-demo-native-reactotron.jpg)
